We now know how to create cues and different types of exchanges individually.
But how about binding them with routing keys and to be communicated instantly when we run our application
from the Xchange to dequeue.
How about programmatically binding them.
So to do that I'm going to use my existing cue which is my cue and I'm going to create an exchange called
my exchange and then I'm going to simply bind them programmatically.
So let's start by creating our Xchange again.
I'm creating a bean and I want an exchange.
I'll say my Exchange.
And within that exchange I'm simply going to use the builder method.
Exchange builder.
And this is going to be a topic exchange and I'll say my exchange and I can say it is my topic exchange
to be much more clear about my intention
and then I'm going to say it's going to be durable and I'm simply going to build it just like that.
So now we how are Xchange defined.
So let's learn how to bind these Xchange and cute together.
For that purpose I'm again going to create a bean.
And in this scenario we again have two ways to do this.
The first way is the traditional way of creating the binding as a being both
in this way we can just simply create a new binding instance just like this as the new binding from
AM Cupie core.
And inside the arguments we can provide the destination Kewney destination Xchange name with routing
key.
And as the additional arguments.
So for these Xchange and queues the way that we can do this is just like this for a queue name we can
say my queue and the destination type is of course a queue.
We're binding to that queue and for the Xchange we're going to say it is my topic exchange.
Of course we have to provide it as a string and then we have to provide the routing key as the constructors
suggest us and I'm going to say topic simple as that.
And for the arguments I'm not going to provide anything right now so I can just give it no.
So this is the traditional and maybe simpler way of creating a binding but there is of course another
much more declarative and much more fluent way of creating bindings which is of course from the binding
builder.
So let's just comment this out for a moment and create a binding builder and you'll see how easy it
is to build bindings with the binding builder.
So I'm going to return a binding Buehler and I'm going to say bind and I'm going to provide dequeue
which is my cue and I'll say to Xchange which is a topic exchange of course.
So I'll say my Xchange and then I can provide the routing key and even I can provide enumerated lists
of riding keys.
So for my purpose I'm going to say topic and then I can provide a map of arguments.
Anything else and I'll say no Ark's maybe.
And that's it.
We How are binding bills with a word declarator way.
So now let's test out this binding and see if it is created from the rabbit.
MQ dashboard.
And of course to do that let's just rerun our application
Our application is starting up
and here we go.
Let's go back to our dashboard for Adam queue and see if our binding is created.
So again if we remembered the names we have to be seeing my queue my topic exchange with a binding with
the routing key topic.
So let's go back and are my topic exchange is right there.
If we go inside it and we can see that under the binding section we have a binding to my queue with
the routing key topic.
Simple as that.
And if we click on my queue we can see the same binding.
From that perspective as a binding to my topic exchange with defrauding routing key topic just like
that.
So creating bindings between queues and exchanges are simple as that with a simple binding builder we
can create any binding within any queue from any exchange.